you know
in a world world world world in a world
hey make sure your phone's turned off
I think we're getting some feedback out
here oh alright uh uh ready ready
this Wednesday one woman will teach
another woman hm
s woke up so my voice is cold let's face
it the industry does not crave a female
sound now you may be painfully aware of
that my whole life not being sexist
that's just the truth you should stick
with the accents that's what you're good
at what was that great that Russian Star
Wars thing used to do is it yeah I know
the one you're talking about
please let me these are not the droids
you're looking for
you just love that it's so random I've
been working the vocal coaching rain I
don't know Eva Longoria could you just
put the cork back in your mouth and work
on those vowels thank you uh yeah sure
I make me the voice of Sunny Delight CD
next up lemon drop shots on me
I'll see you I see you tonight all right
okay I know she hung up already said
obvious I lost it to a broad are you
kidding me nowadays they're flying
planes taking jobs that's just the
reality welcome to today's world let's
give the voice-over industry something
to talk about here what are you saying
sorry it's a great big epic coming down
the pike the Amazon games
it's about these fierce mutated female
amazonian warriors battling cloned
prehistoric cavemen hybrids it's all
based on the Prussian war and
everybody's in a huff I get they're
reinstating the Hokey in a world gimmick
your dad is so hot remember my my mom Oh
Chim Cheree nope you can slap up this
Wednesday one woman will teach another
woman to sound a little less smoothie
around here I don't know where you'd get
a smoothie around here at all I'm so
sorry okay
in a world in a world
cannot wait to see that movie